README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
👨‍💻 CS Student @ 5th Semester<br><br>Web Developer by day, OS Explorer by night.<br><br>Tech Stack: Laravel | PHP | Bash | JavaScript | C++ | MERN<br><br>Currently focused on refining my DSA skills, Web development and contributing to research in the AI space. Check out my repositories to see my latest projects.


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/chughtai._.2024) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin.com/in/tayyab12) [![TikTok](https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok-%23000000.svg?logo=TikTok&logoColor=white)](https://tiktok.com/@xhughtai007) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:tayyabchughtai007@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Angular.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular.js-%23E23237.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angularjs&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Web3.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/web3.js-F16822?style=for-the-badge&logo=web3.js&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Lightroom Classic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Lightroom%20Classic-31A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Lightroom%20Classic&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=tayyab007-dot&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=tayyab007-dot&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=tayyab007-dot&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=tayyab007-dot&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)


<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README with updated bio and tech stack
Updated personal information and tech stack details.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
👨‍💻 BS Computer Science student passionate about web development.  
⚡ Specializing in Laravel and modern full-stack technologies (MERN).  
🛠 Built multiple real-world projects with authentication, dashboards, and RBAC.  
📊 Interested in scalable backend systems, databases, and application architecture.  
🌱 Continuously learning and improving through projects and research.

## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/chughtai._.2024) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin.com/in/tayyab12) [![TikTok](https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok-%23000000.svg?logo=TikTok&logoColor=white)](https://tiktok.com/@xhughtai007) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:tayyabchughtai007@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)  ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Angular.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular.js-%23E23237.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angularjs&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-%23FF2D20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white)  ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ! ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) 
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=tayyab007-dot&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=tayyab007-dot&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=tayyab007-dot&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=tayyab007-dot&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)


<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
